# Our_services
Our public and private services.

We provide consulting services for the restoration and launch of any devices of alien origin with the obligatory condition that these devices will be used in the future only for peaceful purposes, in the aisles of the Sun star system and only for the benefit of the inhabitants of the Earth and for the preservation of Peace and Harmony on planet Earth .
We provide services in communication with any intelligent beings of extraterrestrial origin who accidentally fell on planet Earth or are on planet Earth with their mission, these services will ultimately be aimed at transferring information to earthlings for the growth of consciousness and the preservation of peace on the planet, as well as for the speedy the return of alien beings to their home planets by means of the security services of the Interstellar Union (the planet Pikran, the constellation Cygnus) and the Galactic Federation of Light (the planet Futhis and the planet Artis, the Pleiades star cluster).
We provide all possible assistance in the development, refinement and launch of any devices of alien origin with the obligatory condition that these devices will be used in the future only for peaceful purposes, in the aisles of the star system of the Sun and only for the benefit of the inhabitants of the Earth and for the preservation of Peace and Harmony on planet Earth.
Our services can be rendered to any representatives of the planet earth Earth, regardless of age, ethnicity, orientation, military or any other ranks, social status or religious beliefs, in view of the fact that any representative of the Earth is equally reasonable spirit for us. Also, our services can be provided to any representatives of extraterrestrial civilizations for the same reasons.
Our services can be provided both on the terms of complete confidentiality and in a completely open form. However, in any case, we reserve the right to inform the security service of the Interstellar Union (the planet Pikran, the constellation Cygnus) and the Galactic Federation of Light (the planet Futhis and the planet Artis, the Pleiades star cluster).
Our services can be provided both on a paid basis and in the form of assistance to the project, provided that Laboratory-7 is mentioned.
Any movement of groups of specialists from Laboratory-7 must be agreed in advance, as well as their stay at military or civilian facilities.
